Hey, good morning, family. I'm excited to be with you all again today. I was praying and I was asking the Lord.
I said, 'What do you want me to tell your people?'And he said, 'Brandon, I want you to go back and I want you to tell them again about your incident that happened with your dog, with your daughter.'And I said, 'Okay, well, I can do that.'But it's a very hard story for me to tell.
It's a pride buster. It's a flesh buster. It's everything for me because of how I acted.
But the Lord wants you to know that you don't have to be perfect to serve him.
You don't have to be somebody that is walking around like a holy angel choir singing behind them all the time for God to use them.
I want you to understand today that it's all by grace. And here's what I did.
I did something really stupid. My son and I were playing a game.
It was right after Christmas and we were on Christmas break, and we were playing a game online together and we were just having fun.
My daughter was playing with the puppy that I got her for Christmas, and it was a small little dog.
I felt inside before, when she was playing with this dog, I told her, 'Honey, you need to put the dog up. I don't know, you just need to put the dog up.
Don't let the dog run around by my feet and everything,'because the dog was sitting there nipping at my toes and was just playing around, you know.
And so I told my daughter, I said, 'You need to put the dog up, honey.'And so I thought she had already obeyed and put the dog up.
She was sitting there coloring in her coloring book and was over here to my side, but I didn't know that she had put the dog underneath my feet in a blanket.
And so I jumped up to go to the bathroom real quick because I put the game on pause with my son, and I jumped up and I landed on that dog and I crushed it completely.
Guts came out the side. Blood was coming out the nose. The dog was shaking profusely, and then all of a sudden, I picked up the dog and I'm looking at it, and the dog just died in my hands because I crushed it.
So I lost it. I started using bad words. I started yelling at my daughter because of what she did, putting the dog underneath my feet.
And I just lost it, y'all. I'm embarrassed to say it, but I lost my temper and I shouldn't have done it, you know.
And so I was screaming at my little girl for not obeying me. I was mad at the situation.
Bottom line is, I acted a fool. I acted like a total you-know-what. I shouldn't have done it.
And me, freaking out, I'm screaming and yelling, 'Why did this happen?
You know, you should have obeyed and you didn't!'And I'm mad at my wife. I'm mad at everybody.
I'm blaming everybody other than myself for not looking at the dog below because I acted a fool.
And I'm so upset at the dead dog in my hand, and I was looking at it as a total loss.
I mean, it's gone. And so I'm like, 'You know what? It is what it is.'So I freaked out.
And so I took the dog, and my wife had a shoe box, and I said, 'Put that dog in that shoe box and put it out on the porch.
I don't want to deal with it.'It was because it was cold, and here in Oklahoma, it gets really cold and the ground was frozen, and I knew that there was no way I could dig a hole in the middle of the night.
It just had snowed and it was freezing cold. So I said, 'Put the dog in the shoe box and put it on the porch.
I don't want to deal with it right now.'And so my little girl turned to me and she said, 'Daddy, aren't you going to pray for it to be raised from the dead?'And I said, 'Honey, God's not going to hear me when I pray right now for that dog to be raised.
You pray.'I said, 'I'm not there. You pray.'She said, 'All things are possible to him who believes,'like that to me.
I told her, 'I'm not there. I just acted out, and the Lord's not going to hear me when I pray.
You pray.'So, she started marching up and down the hall, just saying, 'All things are possible to him that believes.'And at this time, I left the room because I was so angry.
I had to get some space. So, I went into our bedroom and I shut the door and I prayed. I asked God—because I lost it so bad.
And I could hear my little girl up and down the hall, 'In the name of Jesus, get up from the dead!
In the name of Jesus, get up from the dead!'And needless to say, that dog was dead in that box.
My wife had put it outside in the cold. It was completely cold outside and everything was frozen.
And I told her to put it in the trash can or whatever, and I would deal with it in the morning.
Well, I was praying, and all of a sudden, an hour goes by, two hours go by, and I come back in and I make amends with the family.
And I told them, 'I'm sorry. I just acted a fool. I acted out of anger.
It was all based out of fear. I was afraid of the loss, afraid of everything.
I was blaming myself, I was blaming you, and the way I handled it, I'm sorry.'And I apologized, you know, and I took communion over it, and I put it at the foot of Jesus.
That's where I was. My little girl was still crying, still upset.
I was holding her at that time, 'Baby, I'm sorry I yelled at you and freaked out at the situation. I'm sorry you lost your dog. We'll replace him.
But God's got this, you know.'And I was just trying to comfort her, comfort the family because of my actions and everything.
So, my wife goes, like I said, this is about two hours later. She goes to take the trash out, and I hear her say, 'The dog's gone.
It wasn't in the shoe box anymore.'So, I thought the raccoons had gotten the dog.
And so, you know, I'm sitting there, and all of a sudden, she says, 'I hear a squeaking noise.'And it was like, 'Squeak, squeak.'She said, 'I hear a squeaking noise.'She starts looking down, and she sees the dog at the bottom of the trash can, alive, completely alive, begging, wagging its tail, begging to get out of that trash can.
She goes and tips the trash can over, grabs that dog, and pulls it out.
God had completely restored all that dog's guts back inside.
The blood was completely wiped off of it. There were no signs of any kind of trauma on this dog at all. God had completely done a creative miracle on that dog.
And my wife brought that little puppy in, and it was shivering cold because it was freezing, which is a miracle in itself because of how cold it was.
And the dog was shaking. And so we put a blow dryer on the dog and started heating that dog up.
And my little girl was screaming, 'I told you all things are possible to him that believes!
I told you all things are possible to him that believes, Daddy! I told you he would bring him back!
I told you he'd bring him back!'because I trained my children to believe the impossible.
I trained my children to believe that Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And the same Jesus that healed the sick 2,000 years ago even cares about a dog that dies in the bottom of a trash can.
He will even touch your dog. He's no respecter of persons. I believe with all my heart that the faith of a mustard seed can move a mountain.
I believe even a childlike faith can bring a dog back. All things are possible to him who will believe. And that's what He did that day for her.
She came down that hall and she's loving that little dog and she's holding it in her hands and she was saying, 'Daddy, I told you all things are possible to him who believes.'And she kept saying it over and over again, just rejoicing and loving that dog and lifting it up in the air and rejoicing because of what God had just done for her.
When my wife brought that dog in and it was complete—no guts, no blood, no nothing out of his nose, all bones restored, walking around like normal again, all of it completely like nothing had ever happened—it was like a holy hush in my house.
The presence of the Lord was so strong, and you could feel it. But this is what I want to say to you.
I had it in my heart, and the Lord told me, and I'll say it again to you all.
The Lord said this to me: 'Brandon, even on your best day'—because I thought in my mind, this is what I thought, 'Man, if I would have prayed for it, or whatever,'making all these excuses up in my head and talking to him about everything, and I was like, 'Wow!'And he stopped me and he corrected me immediately.
He said this to me: 'Brandon, even on your best day, son, your righteousness is as filthy rags to me.
Even on your best day, you cannot earn the anointing. You cannot earn your salvation.
You cannot earn healing. It's all by grace. I paid the price for you for all of it.
And I raised that dog up as a sign and wonder to your little girl.'Do you get that, y'all?
He brought the dog back, and he did it just for a child. And that's what I'm trying to tell you.
She was down there, and she prayed. Like I said, that's the way we raise our children.
We believe with all our heart that Jesus Christ is still doing miracles today.
And I just want to tell you all, people are always asking me about my faith walk and everything, and I just want to tell you I'm just normal.
I'm just a normal human being. I've got issues just like everybody else.
I'm a work in progress. I take one day at a time, and I seek his face every single day.
I seek him for finances, I seek him to provide for my family as the head of my house, and for better jobs.
I pray that over us: 'Father, increase our hands so we can be a blessing to your people.'You can't be a real blessing a lot of times if you're broke and making it from paycheck to paycheck, only having enough to pay your bills and borrowing the rest.
So that's where I'm at. I'm always believing for the supernatural.
I'm always believing for the impossible, that God is able to do it today.
I even told you about the time—my son is sitting behind the camera right now—we had another dog that was born dead, completely dead, rigid.
It was stiff as a board, nasty, coming out green all over. It was nasty.
And the Lord told me, 'I'm going to start to deal with you with creative miracles, and I'm going to train you through animals.
I'm going to let you practice this way, and I'm going to train you and teach you how to do these things.'And so, you know what?
The dog was born dead. And he said, 'Take the dog, brush it off.'And it was purple, it was dead, everything, born that way.
So, I took the dog in my hand, and I held it there. My son was there, and we were watching it, and he's sitting right by my side.
I put the dog in my hand, and the Lord said, 'Now, I want to teach you something.
Speak to the dog and tell it to come back in the name of Jesus and the authority of the name of Jesus.'And so I said, 'In the name of Jesus, I command you to get up.
In Jesus'name, you will live and not die, and you will come back right now in Jesus'name.'And that dog gasped for air.
All of a sudden, I felt the power of God come out of my fingers like electricity, and it went into that dead dog's body and the dog's heart—I could feel it start to beat in the palm of my hand.
And I could feel the lungs start to fill up with air. And all of a sudden, what was a completely purple, lifeless dog started having pink pigment to its skin.
It started coming back, and everything—the life of all the blood from the heart pumping—started getting everything back alive again right there.
And my son was sitting there just like he's sitting behind the camera right now; he saw all of it.
In my amazement, I was just like, 'Oh my gosh, what just happened?'You know, just to see something come back from the dead was a huge deal for me because I believe in God all the time that I'm going to raise people from the dead.
And I believe with all my heart we're going to do those things.
Signs and wonders will follow those that believe. And I'm telling you all, we are in the last of the last days.
And a lot of people say, 'Oh, I've heard that before. Jesus isn't coming anytime soon.'Whatever.
He's coming. I've seen him face to face, and he told me to tell you he's coming, and Jesus is coming.
And you better get your house right before him, repent, and get your sins all washed in the blood because if you don't, you're going to turn or you're going to burn. And that's the bottom line.
You're either going to get saved and get right before the Lord, or you're going to get left because the rapture of the church is about to happen, and we're going to get out of here.
Whether that's 10 years, 20 years, or whatever, that's nothing compared to the 2,000 years that we've been waiting.
It could be tomorrow. So, you always want to have your lamps full and be seeking him daily instead of just on Sunday.
You need to have a relationship with the King because Jesus loves you and he wants the best for you, but you're not going to be able to have a part-time relationship with God for a full-time devil.
You have to have a full-time relationship with God because the devil's not going to be after you just part-time.
He's going to try to kill, steal, and destroy all the time. That's the kind of devil he is.
And you may say, 'Well, the devil hasn't been messing with me.'Well, it's probably because you aren't a threat to him.
You aren't trying to do something to affect his kingdom. And he's not going to sit back idly by and not mess with people who are a threat to him.
So, you've got to realize you've got to put your armor on today, put your big boy pants on, and go out there and do what God's commissioned you to do: pray for the sick, raise the dead, cast out devils.
Freely you've been given, freely you give it out. That's the kind of Jesus we serve. He came to save that which was lost.
And I'm telling you, the greatest harvest of souls that this world has ever seen is yet to happen.
The greatest outpouring of Joel chapter 2, we're about to see the former and the latter rain together.
We're about to see great signs and wonders throughout the whole world—seeing arms and legs and eyes and ears popping open, the dead being raised, casting out devils.
We're going to see some of the greatest miracles this world has ever seen or ever heard of.
And I'm telling you, it's time to believe for the impossible.
It's time to achieve the impossible. It's time to believe big. You've got to start believing God for big.
Stop thinking so small because God wants to be a big God and operate in your life today.
You have to understand he is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
And you've got to believe what he said he would do. You've got to believe it in your heart.
You've got to cast out the doubt. Say, 'I doubt that doubt, devil. I doubt your doubt.
I refuse to believe what you're telling me, and I refuse to receive what the enemy's report is.
I'm going to believe what the Word of God says.'The doctor might tell you you have a day to live, two days to live, whatever, but I know that nothing is impossible to him who believes.
I know that he'll heal your body and he'll restore you right where you are if you believe him for it.
He said he cares for even the sparrows, the lily of the field.
How much more does he care for you? How much more? We're joiners of Jesus. He loves you. Do you understand that?
Jesus paid the price for you to be free from sickness and disease, from poverty and lack, and from mental torment.
He paid for it all for you. You don't have to have any of it. Jesus paid the price for you.
He became a curse for you. Galatians says that Christ has redeemed you from the curse of the law.
And you've got to speak to your mountain. You've got to speak to your circumstances.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were. And you've got to speak to your circumstances.
That's why you got to live your life. That's what I'm trying to tell you. I teach my children: you got to speak to your mountain.
And that's what my little girl, even whenever I was broken in that moment, she took on the faith. When my faith was weak, hers was strong.
She said, "All things are possible to him who believes, Daddy."And that's the way you've got to believe in your life.
That's the way it is. How big, how bad is your want-to concerning your circumstances to change in your life?
Your marriage is broke. Your finances are broke. Your house, your children are wayward.
They're out sleeping around, doing drugs, doing all this bad stuff. How bad is your want-to to change? How bad do you want it?
Is it bad enough that you get up and you start praying an extra hour early before work?
Is it bad enough that you get in the word a little bit more at night instead of watching TV?
How much do you want change in your life? It's not going to just happen.
You got to feed on the word. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
And if you're not getting that word down inside of your heart... When the anointing hits on me, boy, I start crying.
If you're not getting that word down on the inside of your heart, you're not going to see change.
You have to eat that word on a day-to-day basis; what I'm telling you is what's going to change your life.
You have to get it down inside of you. And you got to be strong in the Lord, in the power of his might.
And the only way you do that is by reading that word, praying, seeking his face, and having a relationship with him.
That's what's going to set you free. I heard T.D. Jakes say this once: "What do you do when God has become a spare tire that you only use in the time of an emergency?
And now you are in an emergency and that tire is flat. What do you do?"I heard him say that, and that stuck with me.
That's the way people are. They only go to God whenever they need something. But if you build a relationship...
Well, you want to see when God shows up, like he did in our life for that little dog getting up from the dead, creating a miracle.
Listen to what I'm saying, y'all, I could just see it. It's like an angel out there.
He was out there going CPR, doing like, putting the guts in there, sewing it up, whatever they do, I don't know, and fixing all that dog up supernaturally.
But that miracle came out of a birthing of a relationship from a little girl that has been taught since she's been in diapers: living by faith, living by the impossible, believing for the impossible, speaking to your mountain, learning these things, speaking in tongues.
She's been baptized in the Holy Ghost, praying in tongues since she was three years old.
Since she's been just barely talking, she's been walking around praying in the Holy Ghost.
I've been teaching her because she mocks me. So my son, all of us, we all pray in the Holy Ghost.
We are all seeking him because that's what we do as a family. And so I'm going to encourage you: bring your family up this way.
Teach them that Jesus will do it. And when you start believing that way, it'll start manifesting in your house.
God starts showing up big in your home when you start believing for big.
If you believe small, you'll get small. If you believe big, it's got to be big.
That's the kind of God we serve. So, I just want to encourage you all today to believe big.
These are the last days. Jesus is coming. And I'm telling you all, he's coming sooner than what you all think.
People mock all the time: "Oh, well, I've heard that before."I'm telling you, he told me to come on YouTube and tell my people I'm coming.
And that's what I'm here to tell you all: Jesus is coming and he loves you.
So let me pray for you all right now, and we'll close this thing out.
Father, in the name of Jesus, I thank you, Father, for the word.
I thank you, Father, for your word is alive in us and sharper than any two-edged sword.
I thank you, Lord, that the anointing of the Holy Ghost dwells on the inside of us, that we have authority over the devil, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
Greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world. A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh.
I thank you, Lord, for your covering over every single one of us, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
We're joined up with Jesus Christ. We're seated with him in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers and might.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've given us dominion. You've given us dominion in this earth.
You've given us authority in this earth. I plead the blood of Jesus over every one of these people's minds.
I rebuke PTSD. I just saw it. I take authority over PTSD over you soldiers, over people who have any kind of trauma in their life.
I command PTSD to go now in the name of Jesus. I call deliverance.
I see Alzheimer's. I speak Alzheimer's, go now in Jesus'name.
We speak healing over your body right now. Alzheimer's, dementia, you go too.
You have no right to stay. We call complete restoration over your mind right now in the name of Jesus.
We call healing over your bodies. We call deliverance over your bodies.
Oh, I see a woman's ovaries. I speak ovaries be healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
I call deliverance over your ovaries. I speak to the cysts on those ovaries.
Cysts, go now in Jesus'name. I call brand new ovaries in there. I call you will have a child. Everything will be okay.
You'll have a full-term baby and your vine will not cast fruit before the time.
I say in the name of Jesus, your uterus is okay, healed and whole and well by the power of the blood of Jesus.
I curse those tumors. I curse that cancerous stuff, and I command you to go now in the name of Jesus.
You'll have a good report from the doctor and you'll have a full-term pregnancy with nothing missing, nothing broken in the name of Jesus.
And I call you healed and whole and well. I call breast cancer healed.
I speak to cancers of the breast. I speak to lumps in the breast. You go now in the name of Jesus.
I call all kinds of cancers to be gone and healed and whole and well by the power of the blood of Jesus.
You paid the price for them. You took it all for us. Oh, I saw blood transfusions.
I speak to blood right now in the name of Jesus. I speak to your blood.
I curse AIDS. I curse any kind of hepatitis. I curse it in the name of Jesus.
I command you to be healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Today's your day for your miracle. Today's your day for your healing.
Receive it in the name of Jesus. I believe it. I believe with you, and I'll be your two.
I believe with you. If you say, "I have nobody to agree,"I'll be your two.
I believe with you. I believe with you that today's your day of healing.
Today's your day for your miracle. Oh, I just saw somebody's tooth.
You have a tooth infection on your tooth. I speak to that tooth right now.
Abscessed teeth, I command healing and wholeness and wellness over that tooth right now in Jesus'name.
Cavity be gone, infection be gone in Jesus'name. Fever, go.
Fever, go in Jesus'name. Delivered on that jawbone. I see a jawbone; jawbone be healed.
What is that about? It's like that's infection from that abscessed tooth.
It's like it got infected on the bone. I call healing over that bone right now in Jesus'name.
I call healing over that jaw in Jesus'name. Delivered from that satanic bondage in Jesus'name.
I call addictions from alcoholism. I see alcoholism. I speak: alcoholism, be gone in the name of Jesus.
Healed and whole and well by the power of the blood of Jesus. You are delivered from that satanic bondage.
I command that to go. It's generational; this has been going on for a long time.
I command you to be free from that satanic bondage of alcoholism.
You go, you spirit of alcoholism now, in Jesus'name. You go from their body.
Be free from alcoholism in Jesus'name. Anxiety, anxiety. I speak to anxieties.
I speak to depression. I speak to you to go now in Jesus'name. I call hormones to line up with the Word of God.
I call you delivered and whole and healed and well in the name of Jesus.
Anything else, Holy Ghost, we will work together. Shoulder, rotator cuff.
I saw a rotator cuff right now. Somebody's believing for a new shoulder. I call you to move.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were, and we speak to that rotator cuff right now.
You be healed and whole and well in Jesus'name. Be healed. Brand new cartilage in the rotator cuff.
Brand new. Oh, we call healing and wholeness and wellness. Thyroid.
I just saw thyroid. Thyroid be healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
Call healing over a thyroid. Thank you. Ears. Ears are popping open.
I see ears. Wow. Lord, you're doing a lot. You're doing a whole bunch of stuff for these people today.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. We call ears: ears open, ears be healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Today's your day for your miracle. I believe that for you. Believe it and you'll receive it in the name of Jesus.
Father, we just give you praise and glory and honor for it. We worship you.
You are the great physician, able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think according to the power that worketh through us.
We thank you, Lord, that the healing power flows on the inside of us right now in the name of Jesus.
We believe we receive your grace and your mercy concerning everything we need today.
Thank you, Lord, that we're washed in the blood. Thank you, Lord, that we're forgiven of sins.
Thank you, Lord, that we're coming up higher to a new level with you.
Thank you, Lord, for encouraging us today and giving me a word to say to these people.
Thank you, Lord, that we're going from glory to glory. And we worship you today, Father.
You've been so good to me. I thank you, Lord. I thank you, Lord, for your faithfulness.
Great is your faithfulness. You are Lord unto me. Thank you for your healings.
Thank you, Lord, that the great days are ahead of us. Thank you, Jesus, that you've taken care of us.
He's so good; He's such a good God. He loves you so much. I just want to say thank you all for joining us today.
It's sure a blessing. Well, we just want to say, put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we'll see you next time. You all have a blessed day. Bye-bye.